Home - Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh
Become a Member
Reserve Tickets
Donate Now
Search site
Through July 13, 2025
Raymond Saunders, <em>Night Poetry</em>, 1962, Carnegie Museum of Art, Gift of Leland and Mary Hazard, Reproduced with the permission of The Estate of Raymond Saunders; © The Estate of Raymond Saunders. All rights reserved.<br>
Raymond Saunders, <em>Layers of Being</em>, 1985, Carnegie Museum of Art, Gift of Mr. and Mrs. William Block, © 2025, Estate of Raymond Saunders. All rights reserved.<br>
Raymond Saunders, <em>Joseph Fitzpatrick Was Our Teacher</em>, 1991, Crocker Art Museum Purchase, 1993.11, Reproduced with the permission of The Estate of Raymond Saunders; © The Estate of Raymond Saunders. All rights reserved.
Raymond Saunders: Flowers from a Black Garden
Through July 13, 2025
Born and raised in Pittsburgh, Raymond Saunders participated in the Museum of Art’s Saturday art classes, and this is the first retrospective exhibition at a major American museum and the most comprehensive consideration of his practice to date.
May 23 – September 1, 2025
Good Business: Andy Warhol’s Screenprints
Good Business: Andy Warhol’s Screenprints examines why screenprints are an essential part of Warhol’s body of work. Facilitating experimentation and mass distribution, prints can be simultaneously challenging and accessible.
Ongoing
Showcasing the museum’s historic herbarium collection
In this groundbreaking exhibition, learn how plants ride along as passengers, not drivers, from one region to another, and the consequences when an introduced plant becomes a harmful invasive species in its new environment.
Through May 31
Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander Heritage Celebration
Carnegie Museums is thrilled to honor and celebrate Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander (AANHPI) Heritage Month. Join us and our community partners throughout the day for guided tours, activities and performances.
Through Aug. 17
Breaking stigma. Building understanding.
Step into an immersive journey designed to break stigma, build understanding, and spark important conversations. The Mental Health: Mind Matters traveling exhibition brings the science of mental health to life at the Science Center through immersive exhibits and personal stories.
Our Museums
Carnegie Museum of Art
Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Carnegie Science Center
The Andy Warhol Museum
Carnegie Magazine
Photo: Bryan Conley
Living Artwork
The chemical reaction that produced Andy Warhol’s ‘Oxidation’ series means it continues to change, raising issues for how to conserve it for future generations.
125 Years: A History in Objects
A celebration of 125 years of Carnegie Museums through stories of 125 museum objects.
A Living Archive
A new gallery reinstallation at Carnegie Museum of Art will give visitors unprecedented access to the Charles ‘Teenie’ Harris Archive.
Creating Belonging Through Art
Carnegie Museum of Art’s Neighborhood Museum supports refugee families as they make their new home here.
Get the Whole Scoop
Check out all the latest stories from Carnegie magazine and visit our archives.
Read More Articles
Things to Do
Super Science Saturday
Get up-close with dinosaurs, discover secrets of DNA, and learn what it’s like to be a scientist in the field.
Explore Our Collections
Some 22 million scientific specimens and 40,000 art objects are the inspiration for our research, exhibits, and educational programs.
Miniature Railroad & Village®
This beloved display features hundreds of wonderfully realistic scenes that bring the rich history of western Pennsylvania to life.
Warhol Studio Sessions
Groove to intimate, stripped-down studio sessions by Sound Series artists.
More Things To Do